Let's thank God for our men.
I just want to read a few verses of Luke chapter 15.
I want to read verse 17 and I want you to read the entire chapter when you get home before kickoff.
When he came to his senses, he said, how many of my father's hired men have food to spare.
And here I am starving to death.
I will set out and go back to my father and say to him, Father, I have sinned against heaven and against you.
I am no longer worthy to be called your son.
Make me like one of your hired men.
So he got up and went to his father.
Amen.
I want to preach as the Holy Spirit shall give me help from the topic.
You matter.
Look at your neighbor's smile, say neighbor.
Look on the other side, say neighbor.
You matter.
Lord, bless your word.
Bless your preacher.
Give us ears to hear.
Have your way.
In Jesus' name, amen.
Jesus was a great storyteller.
Anyone and everyone who has read the Word of God
general and the gospel narratives in particular can testify that Jesus was a great storyteller.
Jesus was not vague or ambiguous as a storyteller.
Jesus was not unclear or
discombobulated as a storyteller, yet Jesus was a great storyteller.
As a storyteller, Jesus told stories that were animated, applicable, believable, and bold.
As a storyteller, Jesus told stories that were colorful, compelling,
dynamic and demanding.
As a storyteller, Jesus told stories that were informational, inspirational, godly, and genuine.
Jesus was a great storyteller.
According to Luke chapter 15, Jesus is telling a series
of stories to his disciples and critics concerning the unconditional love of Almighty God.
As Jesus tells these three stories about a lost sheep, a lost coin, and lost sons, the theme
of these stories watched chapel is that though these items were lost, they still mattered to people who lost the items.
To the shepherd, the lost sheep mattered.
To the woman, the lost coin mattered.
to the Father, the lost sons mattered.
As we pick up at Luke 15 verses 11 to 32, Jesus is telling this well-known familiar story concerning a Father who had at least two sons who both were lost.
The youngest son gets a hard rap because he takes his daddy's inheritance money, leaves the triangle, makes his way to a large metroplex, and according to the text, squanders his inheritance money with wild, prodigal living.
And while he squanders the inheritance with wild, prodigal living, the text says this son has a serendipitous, providential experience where he comes to his self.
Having left home wasted his inheritance, squandered his resources, the youngest son is lost.
And while the youngest son is lost watch chapel, the youngest son during this moment of serendipity discovers that he still matters to his father.
While in the pig pen, the youngest son recognizes that he still matters to his father.
Regardless of how he has messed up,
Regardless of what he has wasted, regardless of what he has done, the youngest son recognizes that he matters.
In Watchtower, while I've come to preach on this family and friend Sunday to remind somebody who may have forgotten, who may have been listening to the lives of the devil, I want everybody to realize that you still matter to Almighty God.
I'm not going to preach long, but I need y'all to talk back to me on this Sunday, because if we're honest with ourselves, the devil has lied to all of us seeking to convince us that we do not matter to Almighty God.
Can I preach on this Sunday morning?
And I want to bless somebody on this Sunday morning who needs to hear it, who needs to be reminded, who needs to be delivered, who needs to be mentally set free, that you still matter to Almighty God.
I don't care what you've done, where you've gone, how you messed up, what you missed out on, you still matter to Almighty God.
unemployed, bankruptcy, reposition, incarceration, cancer diagnosis, addiction, drama, trauma.
You still matter to Almighty God.
I don't care who says what about you.
I don't care the cartoons people make to try to demean people of African descent.
You still, we still matter to Almighty God.
And while I'm doing my good preaching, let me say a word on this African American history month.
I don't care how people try to talk about us, demean us, call us dysfunctional, call us slaves, call us backwards.
We still matter to Almighty God.
I wish I had some help on this Sunday morning.
And if I've come for no other reason, I've come to let everybody know that we still matter to Almighty God.
The enemy wants nothing more than to convince us that we don't matter.
We're still three-fifths of a person.
We're still the sons of slaves and slave-on.
Can I preach this?
But yet, nonetheless, we still matter to Almighty God.
This young man helped me preach this, discovers, rediscovers more significantly that he matters to Almighty God.
He wasted Daddy's money, repossession for closure, failure, but he has a moment where he comes to his senses and says, I still matter.
I don't care.
I'm talking to people right now who are
going through who have gone through, going through in the present tense.
You still matter to Almighty God.
And when you realize that you matter, first of all, you will change your course.
Having realized that he mattered to God, this young man has a serendipitous moment and changes his course.
Young man says, why am I here hungry?
When my dad has food at the house, why am I here in a pig pen?
When my father helped me talk now, has resources to provide and bless me.
The text says, once he realizes he matters, he changes his course.
And I want somebody to realize that you matter so much to God, and you ought to matter so much to yourself that you ought to change course in your life.
You are not the tale you are the head.
You are not below you are above.
You are fearfully made in the image of Almighty God.
God sent his son to die for you.
Help me preach this watch chapel.
And because we matter to God, we ought to change our course.
I don't know what you're doing that you ought not be doing.
I don't know where you are, where you ought not to be.
I don't know what habit you have that is beneath you.
But when you realize you matter to Almighty God, you want to change course.
When you realize that you matter to God, you ought to walk better.
You ought to talk better.
You ought to eat better.
You ought to think better.
You ought to live better.
You are a child of Almighty God.
You are a king's kid.
You are not somebody who to be left alone.
You are a child of Almighty God.
And when we matter to God, there ought to be something in me that says, I matter so much to God that
to change course.
This young man changes course, but it just doesn't change course.
This young man, once he matters to God, once he realizes and rediscovers that he matters to God, the young man makes the decision to get closer to his father.
It ain't just about changing course.
It's about getting closer to his father.
There's been a gap.
There's been a distance.
There's been a gulf between this young man and his father.
But when the young man recognizes that he matters to his father, he changes course.
But secondly, he makes up in his mind.
He's going to get closer to his father.
The brothers just sang it.
God has given us another chance.
And if I'm looking across the room right now, if we're honest with ourselves, God hadn't just given us one more chance.
Can I preach this?
We are.
Can I?
Come on.
I'm trying to talk to somebody right now.
We ain't on 5 or 10.
Let me do my good preaching to myself.
We ain't on 50 or 100.
We are the multiple chance crowd that God looked beyond our thoughts, saw our needs, and every day he wakes me up, I got another chance.
And because I have another chance, I ought to get closer to God.
This young man changes his course, but with a new chance,
He gets closer to his father.
The text says, the man realizes how he is messed up.
It says, why am I here in a pig pen?
Let me go back home and meet my father.
And this man is a model for you and I watch chapel because when we realize we matter, we ought to change course, but we ought to do everything we can to get closer to our father.
We are worshiping to get closer to our father.
We read the word to get closer to our father.
We fellowship one with another to get closer to our father.
We allow God to use us as a blessing to get closer to our father.
We count our blessings to get closer to our father every day.
Or to be a day where I'm trying to get closer to my father.
but I'm not just trying to get closer to my father.
I'm not just trying to change course, but when I'm not at all, my God, when I realize I'm not at to God, I'm gonna get closer to my father.
I'm gonna change course, but I'm gonna celebrate where God has brought me from.
I'm going to my seat, but as I go to my seat, there'll be a thousand people right now.
who can identify with this young man who was lost, but who is now found.
He was out there, but he's now in here, and that may not be your story.
You may not have gone to New York City or Atlanta and lost your labor, lost your wild and riotous living, but there's somebody in here on a Sunday morning who can celebrate where God has brought you from.
I wish I had a witness on this Sunday morning.
I wish I had somebody who could testify and say, I ain't always been in church on a Sunday morning.
And I can celebrate where God has brought me from.
Do I have a witness on this Sunday morning?
Can anybody celebrate what God has done for you?
Celebrate where God has brought you from.
Celebrate what God has done in your life.
Celebrate God as your deliverer.
Celebrate God as your door opener.
Celebrate God as your way maker.
Celebrate God as your protector.
Celebrate God as your proprietor.
Oh, what a change has been wrought in my life.
said Jesus do I have a witness in here do I have anybody who can thank God that you ain't where you used to be thank God you ain't who you used to be thank God that you ain't where you used to be but I'm sad I'm sealed I'm holy ghost
What the Lord has done.
Stand to your feet.
Tell your neighbor you matter.
The devil is a liar.
Hear me, the devil is a liar.
You ain't too far gone to be redeemed.
Your sin is not too big for the grace of God.
Where you've been is not too far that God can't bring you back.
I don't care what mistake you've made.
I don't care what people say about you.
You matter.
And let me help somebody right now.
When you go to bed tonight, you tell yourself, I matter to God.
When you wake up in the morning, you tell yourself, I matter to God.
Don't allow the devil to lie to you.
Don't allow people who play to their base.
Don't let that go over your head to lie to you.
You matter to God.
We matter to God.
If somebody right now this Sunday morning, my brother, my sister, you're not saved.
If you don't know Jesus Christ as your savior and your Lord, but when I accept Jesus Christ as your savior and your Lord today, I want you to walk forward from wherever you are.
From wherever you are, I want you to walk forward, come down the aisle.
Or you might be saved, but you don't have a church family.
I want you to come down the aisle today.
You don't have a church family, you're not.
connected to a body of believers.
My brother, my sister, I want you to come from wherever you are to unite with Watch Chapel on this Lord's Day morning.
I'm talking to you, brother.
Talking to your sister, you may not think you matter.
You've made mistakes.
Gone through some stuff, had rough seasons, but you still matter to God.
Black folk in America still matter.
Jim Crow, segregation, black codes.
Preschooled a prison pipeline.
We still matter to God.
If I'm talking to somebody, I want you to walk down the aisle right now.
I want you to give your life to the Lord Jesus Christ.
I want you to unite with watch chapel.
You're not connected to a body of believers.
You don't understand salvation.
Brother God has a purpose and plan for your life.
Sister, God has a purpose and plan for your life.
The purpose and plan for our lives cannot be found outside the will of God.
God has a plan for us.
God has a purpose for us.
As much as God has brought you through, you're not here, you're not an accident.
Come on, I'm talking to some people right now.
You want, why does God have me here?
God has you here for a reason.
I want you to ask your neighbor to your right or to your left, do you want to accept Jesus today?
Here's somebody coming right now, amen.
Young lady, amen.
You got the right look.
Look, look at the amen.
All right.
Be more.
Amen.
She got the jersey on.
That ain't nothing but the Holy goes right there.
It may be somebody else.
It may be somebody else today, my sister, my brother.
You're not saved.
You don't have a church home.
These young ladies already come.
Then maybe somebody else watched out for asking neighbor to your right or to your left.
Do you want to accept Jesus today?
Do you want to unite with the church today?
Only count of three.
When you ask them, smile now.
Do you write it to your left in front of you behind you?
Do you want to accept Jesus as you save you today?
Do you need a church home?
Tell them I walk with you.
Repeat after me, God, I thank you for the gift of salvation.
I admit that I'm a sinner.
I believe that Jesus Christ died for me and was resurrected for the salvation of my sins.
I confess Jesus Christ as Savior and Lord of my life.
And I'm going to do
What do you ask me to do?
So I can be who he wants me to be.
Amen.
That's the first time you prayed that prayer.
I want you to walk forward.
If you prayed that prayer, you comprehend it, you digested, be seated.
Let's thank God for this young lady.
Amen.
Women have watched Apple.
Don't forget Tuesday evening, 7 o'clock p.m.